Add Contributing doc and release template (#296)
Parsely/wp-parsely: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Getting Started

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Parse.ly plugin!  We hope this document helps you get set up with everything you need to contribute and we look forward to working with you!

## Reporting Bugs

Please search the [repo's issues](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/issues) to see if your issue has been reported already and if so, comment on that issue instead of opening a new one.

When creating a new issue, please add specific steps to reproduce the problem, upload any relevant screenshots, and describe what happened and what you expected would happen instead.

## Setting up your environment

> ### Minimum required versions

Reviewer: Missing what version of WP the plugin is tested against.

Technically, we only check against the latest version, but we claim to support WP 4.0 (we should add that to the CI matrix).

> * #### Node.js - LTS

Reviewer: Currently, [the plugin requires 14, and NPM 7](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/blob/514fc01bdcde57987c1166f4c622fd53ced17f2e/package.json#L7-L8).

> * #### Node.js - LTS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Node.js - LTS
```

	Node.js is used in the build process of the Parse.ly plugin. If it's not already installed on your system, you can [visit the Node.js website and install the latest Long Term Support (LTS) version.](https://nodejs.org/)

> * #### PHP - 7.4 

Reviewer: Why 7.4?

The plugin still needs to run against PHP 5.6.
```suggestion
* PHP - 5.6–8.0
```

	  There are multiple ways to install PHP on your operating system. You can check out the [official installation instructions from the PHP project's website.](https://www.php.net/manual/en/install.php)

> * #### Composer - 2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Composer - 1.x (but 2.x recommended).
```

> 	The Parse.ly plugin includes several packages that require Composer, the PHP package manager.  You can view the [composer.json](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/blob/develop/composer.json) file for a full list of packages.  You can install Composer through Homebrew on mac os `brew install composer`.  If you don't have access to Homebrew you can view instructions for how to install composer on the [composer website](https://getcomposer.org/download/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	The Parse.ly plugin includes several packages that require Composer, the PHP package manager. You can view the [composer.json](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/blob/develop/composer.json) file for a full list of packages. You can install Composer through Homebrew on macOS: `brew install composer`. If you don't have access to Homebrew you can view instructions for how to install Composer on the [Composer website](https://getcomposer.org/download/).
```

### Installing Dependencies

> Once you have Node.js, PHP, and Composer installed locally, you will need to run `composer install` in the main plugin directory to install the plugins dependencies. This will install the packages needed to run things like Unit Tests and check Coding Standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have Node.js, PHP, and Composer installed locally, you will need to run `composer install` in the main plugin directory to install the dependencies of the plugin needed to run tests and check coding standards.
```

> # Contributing patches and new features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing Patches and New Features
```

> ## Branches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Branches
```

Ongoing development will be done in the `develop` branch with merges done into `trunk` once considered stable.

To contribute an improvement to this project, fork the repo and open a pull request to the `develop` branch. Alternatively, if you have push access to this repo, create a feature branch and then open an intra-repo PR from that branch to `develop`.

> 
> # Code Standards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Coding Standards
The Parse.ly plugin uses the PHP Code Sniffer package and is installed through Composer.  This plugin uses the a [custom ruleset.](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/blob/develop/.phpcs.xml.dist)

For JavaScript we recommend installing ESLint.  This plugin includes a [.eslintrc](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/blob/develop/.eslintrc) file that defines our coding standards. 

## Linting
If you haven't installed Composer, you will need to do that first.
Once Composer is installed, you can install the project's dependencies by running:
```
composer install
```
To lint your PHP code:
```
composer lint
```
To test your code with our Code Standards:
```
compose cs

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
### Coding Standards
The Parse.ly plugin uses the PHP_CodeSniffer tool that is installed through Composer.  This plugin uses a [custom ruleset.](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/blob/develop/.phpcs.xml.dist)

For JavaScript we recommend installing ESLint. This plugin includes a [.eslintrc](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/blob/develop/.eslintrc) file that defines our coding standards. 

### Linting
If you haven't installed Composer, you will need to do that first.

To lint your PHP code:
```
composer lint
```

To check your code with our code standards:
```
compose cs
```
~~~

> # Unit Testing
> 
> ## PHPUnit
> 
> ### Pre-requisites
> - Install Composer
> - Install Composer dependencies with `composer install`
> - PHPUnit 4.x, 5.x, 6.x or 7.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing
```

No need to repeat about Composer for each section. 
The PHPUnit dependencies are handled by composer.json, so no need to specify the versions here.

> 
> ### Running the tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

First, you'll need to install the tests by running the install script:
1. Navigate to the main plugin directory.
1. You'll need to have a local database setup and have the database name, username, password, and host ready.  
1. Run the test install script using the database information.
	```
	./bin/install-wp-tests.sh <db-name> <db-user> <db-pass> [db-host] [wp-version] [skip-database-creation]"
	```

> Then, you can use composer to run the tests from your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can use Composer to run the tests from your terminal.
```

To run the single-site tests: 
```
composer test
```

To run the multisite tests:
```
composer test-ms
```

> 

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion

To run with code coverage:
```
composer coverage
```
~~~

> # Building Included Assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building Included Assets
```

JavaScript files that are included in the released plugin are built with the
[wp-scripts tool](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-scripts/).

Here's how to get started making changes to them:

> 1. Install the LTS release of node (if you don't have it already)
> 1. Update to the latest version of npm

Reviewer: These are already covered above.

```suggestion
```
